With thirty years experience in the field of construction, Comfort Builders Inc provides you with top-notch services that will exceed your expectations. Our company strives for perfection from the first floorplan to the final touches of a finished building. We pride ourselves for our efficient manner and planning. Our pricing when it comes to our services are incredibly low with our employees giving you a comprehensive rundown of the project materials and other obstacles to provide a piece of mind when it comes to performing the project at hand.

Our project range is large and incredibly varied. With over twenty years of construction experience, we know the ins and outs of many fascets of building from the foundations to the finishing touches. With our licensed contractors by our side, we are able to perform outstanding and quality work to exceed customer expectations. Our services are rated A+ by the Better Business Bureau and our rates beat our competition. Our services range from simple home additions to fully fledged commercial projects such as shopping center additions or malls. Below is our projects that we have done throughout our many years of construction experiences. More will be added due to our extended history of construction services.

No house is too small when it comes to our residential works. Starting as a flooring company 30 years ago, and working with other contractors, we have slowly built our experience in residential contracting ranging from simple home additions to actual homes being built from foundation to the final trim. We are certified and licensed accordingly by the California State License board, making us one of the most reliable contractors in the bay area.

We specialize on building many office areas and shopping centers as we are licenced accordingly. We have tackled projects ranging from remodeling business areas to full construction of shopping centers as our team is fully knowledgable when it comes to many aspects of any business structure.

Within the borders of the bay area, our construction company is able to arrive at your home or business in an incredibly timely manner. We are located in Walnut Creek, in which we are able to perform any construction task for you. The map below indicates our range of operations.

Have any questions? Comments? Concerns? Are you here to ask for our services! Provide us with an email and we will respond to you in a timely manner! We are also located in Walnut Creek and our phone number would be provided below!